Add strpos scalar string function. #15624 (#15702)
crate/crate: docs/general/builtins/scalar-functions.rst

    +--------+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

.. _scalar-strpos:

``strpos(string, substring)``
-----------------------------

> 
> Finds the first occurence index of substring in a string If substring does not exists it returns 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Returns first starting 1-based index of the specified substring within string. 
If substring is not found, returns zero.

```

Returns: ``integer``

::

    cr> SELECT strpos('crate' , 'ate');
    +---+
    | 3 |
    +---+

>     | 3 |
>     +---+
>     SELECT 1 row in set (0.012 sec)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | 3 |
    +---+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

```

Reviewer: We shouldn't use concrete numbers for execution time as it's deterministic and causes doc test failure.

    +--------+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

.. _scalar-strpos:

``strpos(string, substring)``
-----------------------------

Returns first starting 1-based index of the specified substring within string.

> If substring is not found, returns zero.

Reviewer 2: Please add the null handling sentence.
